README.md, before:

This Repository tracks my progress in programming using C#

## Month 1
  - **Week 1:** Basics and Fundamentals of C#
      - # Week 1 - Mini Project
        ## features
        - Namd & Age Input and Output
        - Word Guessing game (limited guesses)
        - Random Generated Number Guessing Game (Unlimited Guesses until correct, tells how many guesses before correct) + ask if want to play again
        - Rock, Paper, Scissors game (Repeatable)
        - Basic Calculator (Addition, Substraction, Multiplication, Division, and Exponent)
          
  - **Week 2:** deep diving OOP
      - # Week 2 - Interactive Bank Account System
        ## features
        - Initialize account (with input)
        - Withdraw and Diposit (with input)
        - Transfer Money (with input)
      - # Week 2 - Two-player Turn-based battle game
        ## features
        - Lets player 1/player 2 decide whether to attack or heal
        - Attack
        - Heal
        - Random Generated Attack/Heal power

Commit message:

Update README to include learning context
Added a note about learning programming as a first language.

README.md, after:

This Repository tracks my progress in programming using C#
(This is my first language, and first time learning programming)

## Month 1
  - **Week 1:** Basics and Fundamentals of C#
      - # Week 1 - Mini Project
        ## features
        - Namd & Age Input and Output
        - Word Guessing game (limited guesses)
        - Random Generated Number Guessing Game (Unlimited Guesses until correct, tells how many guesses before correct) + ask if want to play again
        - Rock, Paper, Scissors game (Repeatable)
        - Basic Calculator (Addition, Substraction, Multiplication, Division, and Exponent)
          
  - **Week 2:** deep diving OOP
      - # Week 2 - Interactive Bank Account System
        ## features
        - Initialize account (with input)
        - Withdraw and Diposit (with input)
        - Transfer Money (with input)
      - # Week 2 - Two-player Turn-based battle game
        ## features
        - Lets player 1/player 2 decide whether to attack or heal
        - Attack
        - Heal
        - Random Generated Attack/Heal power
